My AC's 13. Uh, you slug him. What's your smite modifier? Uh, it's 2. You take 3 points of damage.
I'm Fabian Seacaster, son of Bill Seacaster, and I'm here to be great! I'm trying to sing that song.
You seem really non-violent, that's really cool, violence is never there.
That was really cool, silence is never the answer. I go into a rage. Awesome, what do you... I go into a rage and I attack. Go for it, roll the dice. 19? What's your AC? 16. You're in a rage, right?
2 plus 1 is 6 points. Fucking... Gorgug rips up and fucking clocks you. Wait, no, chance isn't the answer! Is this creating like a promotion? Are there people in the... are there people all around? Oh, you see there's just one.
kind of like stoner hair. It's like, oh, look, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight! And they start moving like crazy. I'm going to sneak into the teacher's lounge while they're in the classroom and steal from the refrigerator. Um, um, you sneak in, uh, uh, you guys see that, uh, waiting in front of the crowd of students, uh, is this hulking dragon.
There's another dragonborn that's a humanoid dragon, long tail, no wings, big claws, wearing a full suit, grey suit, blue tie, big horns, speaking like this red-scaled, anthropomorphic dragon guy. Like, see, he's holding just a straight-up cricket bat in his hands. And he walks up, he goes, Alright, alright, that's enough! I'm not day one!
He effortlessly hoists you two off the ground, sheathing his cricket bat before he does so. He goes, Freshman, why did this even start? Well, I don't know. He hit me. I had to let this one know that I wasn't going to take any shit. Shit, he's holding a phone.
Hey, the greatest attackers sometimes put up a facade that they might sneak their way. I don't need to explain myself to you. I'm Fabian Seacaster. You 100% need to explain yourself to me. I am Vice Principal Goldenord. I'm sorry I got mad at you.
You can still have the flower if you want. Okay, don't give me that. That's not gonna break. I can hit him too, so I'm free. Alright, that's immediate detention.
Alright, so he gives you each a little red slip, says, uh, good grief, is there any little nonsense happening here? Good, pay yourselves. I'll see you at detention after school. I'm so sorry. Right, uh, you guys need to get your stuff checked? Oh, I don't know if that's really a skill I have.
Okay, I got that one.
You, walking to the teacher's lounge, you are in there for, what do you see as you go in there? I'm just going through the fridge, seeing what kind of food there is. You see that there is a little Tupperware container with a transparent steak in it. It's partially see-through or ethereal.
ghost steak please do not eat for ghost professor um yeah i'm gonna eat that i take the ghost steak and i just start eating it um you have a very fucking hard time graphic the door opens and this vice principal
Okay, immediate detention. We are three for three, and it's, I mean, I'm about to ring the first bell. The crazy thing is, you're just playing into my hands. Welcome to my game, you just did exactly what I wanted you to do. I, I, I, I don't know you. Life is family.
That's why I was able to two-step around you. Describe your two-step to me. How have you been able to swim at this moment? Walk me through how you've been able to swim.
so i would get kicked out and you are just scooting me along i put my combat boots up on the table what's the deal with that steak i can't pick it up i uh i don't think
148 de păzări G600 I se despreșintă Uite Așa și mai am așa Dacă vrei Ce mai este?
Nu e ușor.
I was on the cheer squad. I was one of the girls that they used to throw up into the sky because I was so teeny-tiny and cute. I shouldn't be out of your conversation with you alone. Get out of here! Get out of here! Okay, we'll leave. Bye. Bye. What's your name? I'm Vice Principal Goldenboy. Okay.
Don't say that! Don't say that! Don't say that! Get out! Or maybe that's part of my plan, too! The rest of you guys walk through, and you hear the PA kind of starts. First bell rings, kids are running off to class. You guys hear a little voicing.
Students, one and all, welcome to another exciting year at the Endboard Adventure Academy!
Spend some more gold and gold. Here are some announcements on your first day. Everyone should have received your locker assignments and mail. Make sure to go and put your things away for your first busy class day. Bells are five minutes between classes, and hall passes are in Sorsewood. So no funny business.
that's made of fine creamed corn and tuna surprise. Surprising indeed, mysteries await.
We're getting to that. You gotta kill his mom. Yeah. Let's go back to Fabian. Well, I get up. I get up. I polish myself off, then I make sure everyone's watching.
Go to Volt, this other table, to get to that corner quickly.
Uh, go ahead and roll an A for Max. Fuck you, I'm good at this. Thirteen plus nineteen. What do you say as you're about to roll? Everyone, look, I'm good! We're all distracted and all get attacked. You effortlessly, like, backflip three places in the air.
and land in space next to this corn gremlin. Go ahead and make your attack. I'll kill you.
I think I smuggled Mr. Aguefort into heaven. My fingerprints are all over this meta-weapon.
I think I went to hell or just whatever that we call that. Mr. Gibbons went to hell? Yeah and he became he started turning into like I cut well it's fine now but I cut my hand and I could see Mr. Gibbons was like...
What do we have? I am not going to stand here and watch this immense dead body, alright? I'm going to go get that dragon man, alright? He seems fine. But if he's in a...
We can't trust any adults. The only one we could trust was Doreen. My parents are going to kill me. Speaking of which, I need to remember Doreen the way that I know she would want to be remembered. So I take her hint.
Um, uh, what do you call those fucking tights? Nobody fucking cares, all right? I make some sick fishnet tights.
Yeah, let's survey the scene. Go ahead and make an investigative check. Cool. 12. You look around the space. You see that there is the big horn ooze.
Do you think, as basics for a cop, is Arthur Aguefort's wound looks self-administered?
Something confusing happened here that doesn't look like six kids did this whole thing. Right. Uh, you also, uh, discover, uh, what you think is a...
There is one barrel, not in the pantry where I was headed towards, but in the back of the kitchen. There's one barrel that I'm going to crawl down. Oh, can I go investigate what's in there?
I'm going to go, and I'm going to use Thaumaturgy to, like, open it, so I'm, like, I don't have to make it big. It's actually already open. The barrel was, uh, it looked like the barrel that, um...
How can we? Can I cast Detect Magic on that barrel? Yeah, go for it. I cast Detect Magic on the barrel.
You detect a little trace of a mage hand spell, and the mage hand spell comes from a young elven caster, who's you.
earlier today.
How is it possible that the only spell that's been on this is my spell? I will say, that's the first thing you need to tell me.
Further at it, you see any wizard is going to be able to see all kinds of insane, uh, shadow slash infernal demonic magic that occurred here, right? So while the physical evidence of the news is gone, clearly some powerful dark magic has some residue.
This thing of corn and then that jerk threw my Bible into it and aggravated it? Yeah, well maybe there was something in the Bible that aggravated it. Maybe the jock threw something in your Bible. Your Bible has all this stuff about corn. True. I think we should set your Bible on fire.
I think that we need to get a teacher very quick. I don't think we need a teacher. I'm going to go to the teacher. No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
We need someone who is cool, not a tyrant. I have an in with an adult that I don't like.
I really don't think we're going to...
We need to be more proactive. This is the worst idea. All of it is a bad idea. Yes. Cool. 
Wait, can we study any of this stuff ourselves? Can you guys take a look? I think that we should get the vice principal. I think that's a good idea.
I'm disappearing from this school. My mom has been investigating it. But not very well. You guys haven't solved a thing about those disappearances. Let's vote. Let's vote fine. I vote that we go somewhere else to talk about this. So we're away from the crime scene. We don't have time. We have an hour before all of these spells will disappear. I switch teams to the vote.
Vice principal. Your mom. Vice principal. I walk out of there too, wherever I best believe vice principal may be. Okay. Fabian Stride's out of the capitol.
Um, uh, you walk out, covered head to tongue corn, and you walk out of the lawn, you see, you pass a, like, a gentle breeze, there's some birds singing, you see the vice principal... Oh.
is out under a statue of Arthur Pinford talking to a bunch of young adventurers. See he goes, well that's marvelous, a group of young freshmen forming their own first adventuring party. I remember my first adventuring party.
And then I think Mr. Gibbons became a monster. You don't need to tell him about that. I have to be careful. There's a sign. I'm sorry. I think I did this wrong. He's just going to be a middleman. This is bad. Okay, well, listen. There is a protocol for these things. We are going to...
Oh
Thank you. Yes. You, all of you, you see that he yells out of the door, he says... Well, don't call just any police. What do you mean, don't call it? I don't have their individual numbers. We have his mom's number. He could have called my mom. Oh, don't be spiteful. Yeah, please don't be spiteful. 
I don't know what you're talking about! I wasn't even on my side! That's enough of everyone! This is... ...sport.
He says, all of you, you come with me right now, you, the six of you, come with me right now. You come here. And he strides down the hallway. You see that a couple of other members of the faculty approach. You see that there's a huge rock.
Barbarian
you guys have been running in shades
Okay, is there a problem, is something kind of going on that doesn't, people shouldn't see the bodies? Oh my god! 
what was the reaction of the of the other guy the rock guy oh baby that's gonna be so good um that's gonna be a 20 not nat but that's close to what i was gonna get the earth genasi those
and kind of a rocky looking guy, doesn't look surprised. You see, they both...
where it says, you with me, right now! And he walks to a small classroom, it's empty because the school's been let out. Opens it up, walks in, closes the door behind him, he goes, all right, all right, Mr. Gibbons is down.
Alright, you did the right thing, I uh, in the future feel free to call the police, but you did the right thing, I'm going to find an adult.
Yes, all of us did, we were all alive the whole time, and we all contributed to the battle. I always go by a piece of corn that came into life. I was eaten by a piece of corn. I was swallowed by a corn monster. I did lots of moves and spells and stuff, I was a really big part of the battle. You died, you died so heavily.
He says, well, I want you to know that I'm very sorry that this has happened. This is a traumatizing event. I want you to know that you are in good company. I remember the first time.
What? This is... Where did you go? I don't know. 
of an endless plain of gold, and I was swimming in it like it was water. It's very different from what I experienced. The platinum dragon, Bahamut, soared overhead, and he said, you've been good, golden horde. You have as many coins as you want in my pocket.
All you want is coins? All right, you went to hell, okay? You blew me wet. I think you're stopping me. Gold is a very spiritual thing for my people. I'm sorry. It's not a... I saw a horrible place and Mr. Gibbons was there and it felt like... Mr. Gibbons was in hell? You don't need to...
life I worked with Doreen I'm processing grief as well see he goes why that I'm amazed that
Uh, go ahead and roll an acrobatics. Fuck you, I'm good at this. Thirteen plus nineteen. Hey, what do you say as you're about to bowl? Everyone, look, I'm good!
We're all distracted and all get attacked. You effortlessly, like, backflip, three flips in the air. Bam! And land in space next to this corn dremel. Go ahead and make your attack. Uh, no. That's going to be a miss. I think you're going to get hit.
Way too much time faulting and just falling into the little ball. Then the corn gremlin kind of goes like... and just sees exactly where you're going to land and dips out of the way.
Um, uh, looks at you, uh, uh, It's just, it's very, this is a good game. People have been playing this game for many years. It's very good. Since the renaissance, actually. Really?
Uh, Lunch Lady Doreen moves to the steam table and goes, I was never a role model for anybody, sweetheart. I make the rules now. Don't you remember me? I played the drums and you thought I was pretty good. You know what? I think you're in for a little surprise!
Thank you for watching.
Uh, you are dealt, uh, uh, seven points of acid damage as high-steaming, fiery- Did you go down? She was at six. Did you not? Were you breathing? 
Like, full-on. I feel like I'm gonna fall. Just dying. Level 1. Ooooooh. I have spells that I can cast. I just... I'm being used to me, I'm... I'm blocked.
10 or higher is a success, nine or lower is a failure. Three successes, you stabilize, but you remain unconscious. Three failures, you're permanently dead. Adai, what do you do? I'm going to go one, two, three, four, five, six, and then cast or try to cast Witch Bolt on this corn machine.
Um, yeah, go for it. Go ahead, and I believe Witch Bolt is an attack. It is.
